Which of the following words is an adverb:	Quick	Run	Quickly	Fast	Quickly
What is the correct comparative form of the adjective "good"?	Gooder	More good	Better	Goodest	Better
¿Cuál es la traducción correcta de la frase "There is a green carpet at the exit of the library"?	Hay una verde carpeta en la salida de la librería	Hay una alfombra verde a la salida de la biblioteca	Hay una alfombra verde a la salida de la librería	Hay una carpeta verde a la salida de la biblioteca	Hay una alfombra verde a la salida de la biblioteca
¿Qué hora es en inglés "It is a quarter past six"?	6:15	6:45	5:15	5:45	6:15
Where can you see this sign? “Not fishing here. There are Jellyfish”	At a Backyard	In a Fridge	At a beach	At a pool	At a beach 
Where can you see this sign?”Fun Fairy Stories Today at 4:00”	in a lane	at the circus	in a bookshop	in a farm	in a bookshop 
Where can you see this sign? “Single Tickets $5,00   Return Tickets $ 9,50”	At a cinema	At a railway station	At a stadium	At a museum	At a railway station
You can eat this large bird cooked, roasted or fried	fish	chicken	Coconut	dog	chicken
You get this when you boil vegetables and meat in water	soup	coffee	milk	sugar	soup
You need these if you do not see very well.	Glasses	Jeans	Jacket	Shoes	Glasses
People have this to tell the time.	Skirt	Watch	Phone	Tv	Watch
Judy was in a department store. These are some of the objects that she bought:These objects are made of:	steel, leather, and wood. 	steel, silk, and wood.	wood, leather, and silver.	steel, cotton, and leather	steel, leather, and wood.	Ingles#12
According to the picture, the man can't get into the house because	the window is too big. 	he is too tall. 	he is too fat. 	the window is too high	he is too fat.	Ingles#13
Where do you see this?	On a plane	On a bus	On a boat	On a submarine	On a bus	Ingles#14
Complete the conversation: “I'm going on vacation to vancouver”	You are first	That's great	I like swimming	So crazy	That's great
I can’t eat a cold sandwich. It is horrible!	I hope so	I agree	I am not	¿Really?	I agree
Where do you see this advice?	In a school	In a hospital	In a department store	In a theater	Ingles#17
What is the chemical symbol for gold?	Ag	Ge	Au	Fe	Au
You're planning a vacation. Which of the following destinations would you prefer to visit for a relaxing beach holiday?	The Swiss Alps	New York City	Bali, Indonesia	Vegas	 Bali, Indonesia
Are you ok?	Yes, inside	Yes, please	Yes, i am	Yes, outside	Yes, i am


